.TH BoB 1 2024-09-26

.SH NAME
.B bob
- (the workman) your gateway to automated OS deployments on Physicals (and virtuals)

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B bob a | add
<hostname> <IP-address> <MAC-Address>
.br
.B bob b | build
<hostname> [<new-OS>]
.br
.B bob c | complete
<hostname> | <MAC-Address>
.br
.B bob d | delete
<hostname>
.br
.B bob e | edit
<hostname> <hostname|mac|ip_addr|disk> <value>
.br
.B bob h | help
.br
.B bob l | list
[<hosts|recipes>]
.br
.B bob s | status
.br
.B bob t | tail
.br
.B bob w | watch

.SH CONFIGURATION
Lorem

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B Bob 
is a tool for automating the deployment of operating systems to servers over PXE.
.br
It is aimed at deploying pre-built cloud images to bare metal with the potential of configuring with cloud-init.

.SH OPTIONS
.SS add
Add the config for a new target host.

.SS build
Put a target host into build mode ...

.SS complete
Complete the build of a target host and return the config to local boot.

.SS delete
Delete the config of a target host.

.SS edit
Edit the configuration of a target hots.

.SS help
Show the built-in summary help details

.SS list
List hosts (the default option) or recipes that are configured.

.SS status
Show a summary of all the relevant system services

.SS tail
Tail the web logs

.SS watch
Start watch the build-status file

.SH FILES
.SS /etc/bob/*
Internal system configuration files.
.SS /etc/dnsmasq.d/*
Configuration files for DNSMASQ.
.SS /usr/share/nginx/html/*
Document root for NGINX
.SS /var/lib/tftp/*
Root directory for the TFTP service


.SH EXAMPLE
Lorem

.SH SEE ALSO
.URL https://thekelleys.org.uk/dnsmasq/docs/dnsmasq-man.html "dnsmasq manual"
